feat(character-count): Added autotrim option to docs (#392)
ueberdosis/tiptap-docs: src/content/editor/extensions/functionality/character-count.mdx

})
```

> ### autoTrim
> 
> Sets whether content will be automatically trimmed when it exceeds the limit. When set to `false`, content over the limit is preserved and users can only remove characters until back within the limit.
> 
> Default: `true`
> 
> ```js
> CharacterCount.configure({
>   limit: 280,
>   autoTrim: false, // Allow content over limit, but restrict to removals only
> })

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### autoTrim

Controls whether the initial content is automatically trimmed when it exceeds the configured limit. When set to `false`, initial content over the limit is preserved. While the document remains over the limit, transactions that increase the content size are blocked.

Default: `true`

```js
CharacterCount.configure({
  limit: 280,
  autoTrim: false, // Preserve initial content over the limit
})
```
